---
title: "How To Fix Uneven Shoulders (UNDER 5 MINUTES!)"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/u8dgWG8-uuE\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "u8dgWG8-uuE"
categories: "Howto-Style"
tags: ["fix posture","uneven shoulders","rounded shoulders"]
date: "2021-06-19T00:21:59+03:00"
vid_date: "2021-04-15T15:04:52Z"
duration: "PT5M2S"
viewcount: "23956"
likeCount: "1171"
dislikeCount: "23"
channel: "Brett Maverick"
---
{% raw %}Several factors can lead to uneven shoulders. Often the shoulder on the dominant side of your body is a little lower. So today i show you How To Fix Uneven Shoulders (UNDER 5 MINUTES!)<br /><br />Misalignments can be caused by something as simple as:<br /><br />always using one hand or side of your body for writing<br />carrying a heavy bag<br />going about your daily activities<br />Uneven shoulders can also happen when you have structural issues or muscular skeletal imbalances in the body. This may include legs that vary in length or scoliosis.<br /><br />Uneven shoulders can also be the result of an imbalance somewhere else in the body. Think of it as a domino effect. For example, if you hurt your ankle or hip, it will cause you to bring your body out of alignment as you adjust to how you hold and move your body.<br /><br />Playing sports and certain injuries can cause muscular imbalances, especially in the upper body. Asymmetrical sports such as tennis, golf, and baseball are especially likely to cause uneven shoulders and postural imbalances.<br /><br />First Exercise: Ear to Shoulder Stretch<br /><br />Sit or stand with your head and neck in a straight line.<br />Keep your shoulders still as you tilt your head toward your shoulder.<br />Use your hand to hold onto or massage your opposite shoulder.<br />Or gently pull your head down toward your shoulder.<br />Hold for 30 seconds.<br />Do this stretch at least 3 times on each side.<br /><br />Second Exercise: Wall Pec Stretch<br /><br />Stand with arm at 90 degree position at elbow<br />Stand perpendicular to wall<br />Rotate torso away from wall<br />Gently hold for 10 to 15 seconds<br /><br />Third Exercise: Alternate Latissimus Stretch<br /><br />Grab wrist of side you wish to stretch<br />raise hands above head<br />Pull wrist opposite direction over head<br />Hold for 10 to 15 seconds<br /><br />--------------------------------------------------------------------------------<br /><br />Connect With Me Further:<br />Website: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.brettmvrk.com/malema​​">https://www.brettmvrk.com/malema​​</a><br />Instagram: @BRETTMVRK<br /><br />Or if you want to see my personal stuff:<br />Instagram: @BRETTMVRK<br /><br />My name is Brett Maverick Lange and I make video’s about reactions, challenges, fitness, nutrition, fashion, lifestyle and anything fun through a combination of informative videos and vlogs. I preach a lifestyle whereas you can combine fitness with every aspect of your life, such as social activities, drinking alcohol, partying and still eating your favorite foods on a daily basis. Don’t forget to subscribe if you want to stay up to date :)<br /><br />My Instagram: BRETTMVRK<br />My snapchat: THEBRETTLANGE<br />My Twitter: BrettLangeTV{% endraw %}
