---
title: "Aria - \"You Will Be Given A Sign\" [Ария - «Тебе дадут знак»]"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/yjIiZnz85Cg\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "yjIiZnz85Cg"
categories: "Music"
tags: ["Aria","You Will Be Given A Sign","Chimera"]
date: "2021-06-13T10:48:13+03:00"
vid_date: "2011-02-21T22:21:39Z"
duration: "PT8M56S"
viewcount: "23280"
likeCount: "162"
dislikeCount: "4"
channel: "Nick D"
---
{% raw %}&quot;You Will Be Given A Sign&quot; (Russian: «Тебе дадут знак») by the most successful Russian heavy metal band &quot;Aria&quot;<br /><br />2001- &quot;Chimera&quot;:<br /><br />1. Chimera<br />2. Heaven Will Find You<br />3. I'm Not Mad<br />4. Vampire<br />5. Burning Arrow<br />6. The Calm<br />7. Path to Nowhere<br />8. Raven<br />9. Shard of Ice<br />10. You Will Be Given A Sign<br /><br /><br />Valeriy Kipelov - Vocals<br />Vladimir Kholstinin - Guitar, Acoustic Guitar<br />Sergey Terentyev - Guitar<br />Vitaliy Dubinin - Bass, Back-vocals<br />Aleksandr Maniakin - Drums<br /><br />Lyrics - Margarita Pushkina and Alexandr Yelin<br /><br />Enjoy!<br />_______________<br />LYRICS TRANSLATION<br />1. Before you had been on your side: not against and not for.<br />But one day Big Brother opened your eyes.<br />Secret of ancient wisemen placed the world on the edge.<br />The power is in hands of strangers and you do pay a tribute to them.<br /><br />2. Emptiness instead of stars, fire around the cross.<br />Someone cursed your nation and it's for a reason.<br />Time X comes - and Colossus revives!<br />The bets are too high, the game is serious.<br /><br />Razor-sharp blade.<br />It's going to be a battle.<br /><br />Refrain:<br />The fist like a flag over the impetuous head.<br />Leader said: &quot;We'll take ours over and above!&quot;<br />An enemy will not escape in darkness.<br />It's time, be ready to make a step.<br />You will be given a sign!<br /><br />3. The mechanism is started skillfully.<br />While alone you are nobody, but in the crowd you are a hero.<br />You've got your own colours, you know a severe call.<br />The wall where you are another brick is insoluble.<br /><br />4. You could be born in the very different land.<br />Where there are no prison bars and they do not build up scaffolds.<br />Where women do not cry and do not hide their faces.<br />Where children don't want to play murderers.<br /><br />[Holstinin's Guitar Solo]<br /><br />5. Angel of death will be here when the battle commences.<br />He'll push you onto bayonet and take you away with him.<br />But the march is playing again, the leader is crying out again.<br />And files of fools are going to altar.<br /><br />The fist like a flag over the impetuous head.<br />Maniac said: &quot;We'll take ours over and above!&quot;<br />An enemy will not escape in darkness.<br />It's time, be ready to make a step.<br />You will be given a sign!<br />You will be given a gun!<br />You will be given a flag!<br />You will be given a bayonet!<br />You will be given a sign!<br />You will be given a stake!<br />You will be given a tank!<br />You will be given a chain!<br />You will be given a sign!<br />You will be given a crowbar!<br />You will be given a whip!<br />You will be given a coffin!<br />You will be given a sign!{% endraw %}
