---
title: "DIFFERENT COMPONENT OF CAR AIR CONDITIONING SYSTEM| COMPONENT LIKE COMPERSSOR, CONDENSER, DRYER etc."
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/74StaGd6ORo\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "74StaGd6ORo"
categories: "Education"
tags: ["different component of car air conditioning system","component of car air conditioning system","component of car ac"]
date: "2021-06-11T21:14:39+03:00"
vid_date: "2021-03-26T15:49:43Z"
duration: "PT3M5S"
viewcount: "1545"
likeCount: "30"
dislikeCount: "0"
channel: "Majesto Teaching"
---
{% raw %}Hello Everyone,<br /><br />Welcome back to my channel MAJESTO TEACHING.<br /><br />In this video, I am going to talk about DIFFERENT COMPONENT OF CAR AIR CONDITIONING SYSTEM| COMPONENT LIKE COMPERSSOR, CONDENSER, DRYER etc.<br /><br />DIFFERENT COMPONENT OF CAR AIR CONDITIONING SYSTEM.<br /><br />1. COMPERSSOR.<br />2. CONDENSER.<br />3. RECEIVER/ DRYER.<br />4. EXPANSION VALVE.<br />5. EVAPORATOR.<br /><br />1. COMPERSSOR.<br />The most essential component of any air conditioning system is the compressor. Your nice, cool air depends on it! The four main functions that your vehicle’s compressor carries out include:<br /><br />PRESSURIZING THE REFRIGERANT TO COOL THE AIR<br />SENSING TEMPERATURE CHANGES INSIDE AND OUTSIDE YOUR CAR<br />MONITORING AND CONTROLLING TEMPERATURE OUTPUT<br />MOVING AIR TO THE CONDENSER<br /><br />2. CONDENSER.<br />Your vehicle’s A/C condenser is usually located in the front of the radiator, giving it the nickname of the mini-radiator. When the compressor is pressurizing the refrigerant, the condenser works to reduce the temperature and pressure of hot gasses coming from the refrigerant. In addition, the condenser is also responsible for moving the cooled liquid refrigerant to the receiver/dryer or accumulator.<br /><br />3. RECEIVER/ DRYER.<br />The receiver/dryer works to separate gas from liquid. The compressor can be ruined if any liquid gets in. That’s because a compressor isn’t designed for liquids, just gasses. This part also takes out moisture using a desiccant. Desiccants can be compared to the small, bead-filled packet you find in packaging for new electronics. Finally, there are also filters that protect the A/C system from contaminants.<br /><br />4. EXPANSION VALVE.<br /> Thermal Expansion Valve or Orifice Tube should be located between the condenser and evaporator. Together, they monitor the amount of pressure and temperature of your A/C system and calculate the exact amount of refrigerant that can safely go into the evaporator.<br /><br />5. EVAPORATOR.<br />Another part that’s crucial if you want cold, refreshing air hitting your face is the evaporator. You’ll find this component right behind the dashboard. It’s in charge of cooling the air with the refrigerant before it is blown into the cabin of your vehicle.<br /><br />I always want to  give all of you best very important, informative, useful,  and knowledgeable content through videos. I hope you will enjoy this video and this video will give you best knowledge and this will very helpful for you all to know DIFFERENT COMPONENT OF CAR AIR CONDITIONING SYSTEM| COMPONENT LIKE COMPERSSOR, CONDENSER, DRYER etc.<br /><br />Guys, If you enjoyed and this video DIFFERENT COMPONENT OF CAR AIR CONDITIONING SYSTEM| COMPONENT LIKE COMPERSSOR, CONDENSER, DRYER etc is helpful for you so press red SUBSCRIBE button and also Bell icon, press Like button, Share and Comment.<br /><br />My youtube channel link.<br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC4CBf2-0aHM3evVOAmttDoA">https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC4CBf2-0aHM3evVOAmttDoA</a><br /><br />Thanks for watching the video!<br /><br />#differentcomponentofcarairconditioningsystem<br />#componentofcarairconditioningsystem<br />#differentcomponentofairconditioningsystem<br />#componentlikecomperssorcondenserdryeretc<br />#comperssor<br />#condenser<br />#receiver<br />#dryer<br />#expansionvalve<br />#evaporator<br />#airconditioningsystemcomponent<br />#componentofac<br />#majestoteaching{% endraw %}
