---
title: "Alleviating Back Pain, Part 2: Mobilizing & Supporting"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/na4ZjeWvCbQ\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "na4ZjeWvCbQ"
categories: "Education"
tags: ["Mobility sequence","back pain","core strength"]
date: "2021-06-16T17:42:47+03:00"
vid_date: "2019-05-08T11:00:08Z"
duration: "PT8M26S"
viewcount: "319"
likeCount: "23"
dislikeCount: "0"
channel: "Infinite Movement"
---
{% raw %}In Part 2 of Alleviating Back Pain, Tessa demonstrates a sequence on the hands and knees to help you find an elongated spine and core support through a more challenging relationship to gravity. This movement is intended to follow the supine Softening practice offered in Part 1, so make sure you watch and follow along with that video first so that you understand the reasoning behind softening before strengthening.<br /><br />Alleviating Back Pain, Part 1: Softening:<br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://youtu.be/X2fmb7RUEjA">https://youtu.be/X2fmb7RUEjA</a><br /><br />In the hands and knees position of the Part 2 movement, it's important to have perpendicular legs and arms (to the floor); to keep the arms pushing actively into the floor (scapulae protracted); and to keep the head in line with the rest of the spine, i.e., not lifted upwards. Though this is a more challenging movement than in Part 1, it is still crucial to reduce unnecessary tension and distribute one's effort and support evenly throughout. <br /><br />If you have pain in the wrists when on hands and knees, put blocks under your hands to shift the weight of your upper body backwards more towards your legs. <br /><br />First movement: Tuck and untuck the toes slowly and smoothly a few times, feeling the subtle weight shift throughout the trunk as you do so. Second movement: keeping the toes tucked, pivot on the ball of one foot, lifting and opening that knee until the heel can stand on the floor. Turn your chest and head to watch the leg as it pivots, looking either around or under your arm. Do not lift the entire leg and move it closer to your hands; instead, move your trunk and head slightly towards your pivoting foot as your heel comes towards the floor. <br /><br />You may feel a need to lift one of your hands to get your heel on the ground. That is fine the first few times as you find the coordination for the movement. Eventually however, find a way to keep the hands where they are, which will require a stretch along one side of your back, from hand to hip. As always, remember to move slowly, without force, and to gradually build your range of motion. Breathe easily and rest in sitting whenever you need to come off of your hands. <br /><br />Eventually, this movement progresses to a half squat, with one standing leg and the other leg bent with toes tucked underneath your pelvis and knee resting on the floor. This may be quite challenging for your toes and supporting knee if they are stiff, so work up to it gradually. This movement requires greater internal support for your trunk as it moves horizontally above the floor without the support of your hands. Alternate sides and breathe throughout, making the movement lighter and more reversible (i.e., able to stop at any moment without reorganization or increased effort).{% endraw %}
