---
title: "Set Aside The Pride - By DannyPoo"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/UGqGQHQrLTs\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "UGqGQHQrLTs"
categories: "Film-Animation"
tags: ["Set","Aside","The"]
date: "2021-07-03T15:53:13+03:00"
vid_date: "2008-10-09T04:07:29Z"
duration: "PT5M"
viewcount: "16853"
likeCount: "150"
dislikeCount: "8"
channel: "SleeperHitPunch"
---
{% raw %}Not created by me. All credit goes to DannyPoo. I am simply uploaded his videos for others to enjoy. Find more of his work on my channel or visit his website www.dbzwarriors.com<br /><br />Video Description:<br /><br />Title - Set Aside The Pride<br /><br />Release Date - July 7, 2002<br /><br />What really is the most important thing to Vegeta, his selfish desire to defeat Goku and satisfy his pride, or his newfound devotion to his loved ones? Uses &quot;My Sacrifice&quot; by Creed. <br /><br /><br /><br />Please read the different sections.<br /><br /><br /><br />------------Story Behind the Video------------<br /><br /><br /><br />  This video has somewhat of a complicated meaning behind it so if <br /><br />there are those of you who don't quite understand it, I'll go into more<br /><br />detail.<br /><br />  Vegeta, the warrior with one supreme goal, being the best there ever<br /><br />was, has always contended with one man in peticular, Goku. Since his<br /><br />defeat by Goku back in the Saiyan saga Vegetas one goal was beat Goku.<br /><br />This tortured Vegeta for many years until he finally had his chance.<br /><br />The enchantment of Babi-dee which turned Vegeta into Majin Vegeta, this<br /><br />gave him the necessary power to finally contend with Goku on equal<br /><br />ground.<br /><br />  Despite all this happening Vegeta had developed a love for his family<br /><br />and others. He came to realize this while fighting Goku even in his<br /><br />Majin form. He also knew that Buu was far more powerful than previously<br /><br />thought but attempted to hide it from Goku in order to finish their<br /><br />fight. In the end Vegeta knew he had taken too much of a risk and that<br /><br />the world and his family were more important than his quest to defeat<br /><br />Goku to mend his pride.<br /><br />  After knocking out Goku and heading to fight Buu he learned from <br /><br />Piccolo that Gohan had been &quot;killed&quot;(they assumed he was) and Vegeta<br /><br />vowed to avenge Gohan(in the Japanese version of the show). Vegeta<br /><br />learned from Piccolo that even though he would be sacrificing himself<br /><br />to save the world, he would not go to heaven because of his past deeds.<br /><br />Vegeta continued even after hearing this...<br /><br /><br /><br />So in the end Vegeta set aside his pride(hence the name of the video),<br /><br />for the greater good.<br /><br /><br /><br />------------Special video information------------<br /><br /><br /><br />This video was INTENDED to be much different than Vegetas Pride, I was<br /><br />not intending to leach off that videos popularity, im sure if you look<br /><br />there are some similarities but I was attempting to get to a whole<br /><br />different view on Vegetas personality and dig deeper into his emotional<br /><br />intelligence. <br /><br /><br /><br />This is what is said at the specific times in case you don't hear what<br /><br />is being said.<br /><br /><br /><br />00:30 - &quot;Kakarot...this is all your fault!&quot;<br /><br />01:00 - &quot;How could I let this happen to my son, he has sacrificed<br /><br />         everything for me..::little ding of realization noise::<br /><br />         ...there's still time to change things...&quot;<br /><br />02:00 - &quot;I'd say the end more than justifies the means!&quot;<br /><br />02:15 - &quot;You see, this is our fate, our battle!&quot;<br /><br />-Thanks for watching!{% endraw %}
