---
title: "17 Preparedness Items You Should Buy Every Month To Prepare For The Imminent Economic Collapse"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/lLEeAeZy0ds\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "lLEeAeZy0ds"
categories: "News-Politics"
tags: ["Economic collapse","economic collapse 2021","imminent economic collapse"]
date: "2021-06-10T08:47:06+03:00"
vid_date: "2021-06-08T23:10:51Z"
duration: "PT15M12S"
viewcount: "32097"
likeCount: "2220"
dislikeCount: "41"
channel: "Epic Economist"
---
{% raw %}We're going through exceedingly difficult times, and things seem to get harder and harder by the day. When the sanitary outbreak exploded in America early last year, it quickly became evident that the problems it had triggered would stay with us for years. Back then, we warned that we were still in the very early stages of the economic collapse and that the worst was yet to come. Well, since then we have seen several catastrophic disasters, hundreds of thousands of store closings, business bankruptcies, persistent unemployment rates, cyberattacks, severe supply chain disruptions, widespread shortages, and the intensification of civil and political conflicts around the world. But now, we are just getting a taste of what the next stages of this crisis will be like because many of these issues will still have many developments and probably many more issues are going to emerge. <br />As vaccines continue to be distributed and the world's economies get ready to reopen, imbalances between supply and demand for products are still congesting global supply chains, and this impasse will only intensify as consumers resume their normal shopping habits. Inflation pressures are already sending the cost of everything to unprecedented levels and there is no clear end in sight for this upward trend in prices. And as we reported over several of our recent videos, many other factors have been exacerbating supply chain woes, including rising commodity prices, skyrocketing freight prices, and shipping container shortages. That's why we have alerted our viewers they should start getting ready for the challenges that are coming for us. <br />However, disaster preparedness might not be a simple task, even more so in times of extensive shortages and soaring prices. Building an emergency stockpile requires an analysis of your necessities, assessing what you already own, and, of course, lots and lots of checklists. Listing what you will have to buy and the cost of those supplies can be overwhelming and, sometimes, very discouraging. But you don't have to build your stockpile overnight and you probably won't need all the things you think you do. The most expensive items are usually the ones that will last for a long time, such as generators, tents, radios, self-defense gear, and rain barrels. Those items are in the one-and-done category.  <br />But many others can be gradually added to your monthly shopping list so that you stay on budget and make sure you never run low on essential supplies. In this way, you can start prepping without compromising your finances by spreading the costs of the supplies you need over the month. Staying tuned with bulk sales in online and physical stores may also save you a lot of time and money. Food and water should be the top priorities in every prepper's list, as they're key for our survival. But today, we decided to gather a list of 20 non-food preparedness items you should buy every month to get ready for the next stages of the economic collapse. <br />This list is supposed to help you realize that even though building a stockpile isn't a simple process, you can take simple steps to get started. This practice is not meant to be exhaustive, so take each of these steps at your own pace. It's better to do something than to try to do everything and achieve nothing instead. As things are getting even more challenging in recent times, it's better not to add extra challenges to your own path. Do whatever is possible for you and that will be enough. Most importantly, keep in mind that even though events are spiraling towards what could be the end of the world as we know it, there's still much more life to be lived away from the chaos. <br /><br /><br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.epiceconomist.com​">https://www.epiceconomist.com​</a>{% endraw %}
