---
title: "DIFFERENCE BETWEEN REQUIREMENTS GATHERING AND REQUIREMENTS ELICITATION"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/YiROsu0pAPg\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "YiROsu0pAPg"
categories: "Education"
tags: ["DIFFERENCE","BETWEEN","REQUIREMENTS"]
date: "2021-06-15T16:48:09+03:00"
vid_date: "2018-12-26T06:05:04Z"
duration: "PT16M24S"
viewcount: "2883"
likeCount: "45"
dislikeCount: "7"
channel: "Requirements Wizard"
---
{% raw %}Hello,<br /><br />This short video is on understanding the difference between Requirements Gathering and Requirements Elicitation. While many people use these two terms interchangeably, these two terms have a very different meaning. As a Business Analyst professional, we must know what these two terms mean and how to use elicitation effectively in order to get to the real needs of our stakeholders.  <br /><br /><br />Thanks &amp; Regards,<br /><br />Chetan Mehta<br />www.skillcubator.com<br />info@skillcubator.com<br />chetanvmehta@skillcubator.com<br />Call us on : 703-200-9921<br /><br />Welcome to the 'Business Analysis demo session. In this session, you will learn the fundamentals of business analysis discipline, role of a business analyst, how our training program is structured and most importantly how we can help you transform your career into a successful business analyst role. Thanks for watching this video.<br />In today’s competitive environment, business analyst’s role is no longer of simply ‘A bridge between Business and IT’. There has been a paradigm shift in the role of business analyst in recent years. In today’s resource scare environment, customers expect business analyst to have knowledge and skills to conduct enterprise analysis, perform end-to-end business processes re-engineering, identify bottlenecks in their value streams, and most importantly develop solutions that would solve their problems and integrate their vision-strategy-technology towards a common organizational goal. Requirements elicitation and documenting them is a very small subset of a modern day business analyst’s role. This course has been specifically designed keeping in mind the expectations customers have from a seasoned business analyst.  In addition to the business analysis skills, project management skills are equally vital for a business analyst. Since the natural career trajectory of a business analyst curve towards project management discipline, we have included key topics of project management as well, which in a ‘real-world’ scenario, any experienced business analyst must be familiar with. <br /><br />WHO CAN ATTEND<br /><br />Any individual with IT/Non-IT background who aspires to make their career in business analysis discipline. <br /><br />PREREQUISITES<br />None.<br /><br />WHAT YOU WILL LEARN<br /><br />Upon successfully completing the course, an individual will learn the following:<br /><br />Background of business analysis discipline and business analysis fundamentals.<br />Role of business analyst in a project.<br />Knowledge areas as defined by IIBA’s BABOK®.<br />Software development lifecycle (SDLC) concepts.<br />Overview of BABOK® knowledge areas.<br />Business process modeling.<br />Use case writing.<br />Unified Modeling Language (UML) diagrams.<br />Writing and managing requirements documents such as use cases, user stories, business process narratives etc.<br />Requirements management processes.<br />Business analysis best practices.<br />Creating artifacts (deliverables) such as Requirements Management Plan (RMP), Use Cases, Requirements Management Plan (RTM) etc.<br />Project management concepts such as project scope statement, project management plan (PMP), scheduling etc.<br />Hand-on tools for creating business process flows, UML models, RTM etc.<br />Change management, version controlling, defect tracking.<br />Quality assurance fundamentals.<br /> <br /><br />If you have further questions, please email us or call us on the below:<br /><br />www.skillcubator.com<br />info@skillcubator.com<br />chetanvmehta@skillcubator.com<br />703-200-9921{% endraw %}
