---
title: "Michael Gibbs & the NDR Bigband - ‘Tis As It Should Be"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/_EEHfl8g1TQ\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "_EEHfl8g1TQ"
categories: "Music"
tags: ["Michael Gibbs (Composer)","NDR Bigband","Norddeutscher Rundfunk (Production Company)"]
date: "2021-06-13T01:09:55+03:00"
vid_date: "2015-05-05T22:19:06Z"
duration: "PT5M43S"
viewcount: "2621"
likeCount: "22"
dislikeCount: "0"
channel: "Cuneiform Records"
---
{% raw %}ITunes (mp3): <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://itunes.apple.com/us/artist/michael-gibbs/id31060068">https://itunes.apple.com/us/artist/michael-gibbs/id31060068</a><br />Amazon (CD/mp3): <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="http://amzn.com/B00WY8IT9K">http://amzn.com/B00WY8IT9K</a><br />Bandcamp (CD/Hi-Res Download): <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://cuneiformrecords.bandcamp.com/album/in-my-view">https://cuneiformrecords.bandcamp.com/album/in-my-view</a><br />Wayside Music (CD): <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="http://waysidemusic.com/Music-Products/Gibbs-Michael-The-NDR-Bigband-In-My-View__Rune-spc-401.aspx">http://waysidemusic.com/Music-Products/Gibbs-Michael-The-NDR-Bigband-In-My-View__Rune-spc-401.aspx</a><br /><br />Michael Gibbs &amp; the NDR Bigband, &quot;‘Tis As It Should Be&quot; from 'In My View' (out June 9, 2015 on Cuneiform Records!)<br /><br />“The music of Michael Gibbs remains woefully under-recorded, even as the composer hits his mid-70s.... Inspired by Olivier Messiaen as much as Gil Evans, his music is luxurious, complex but accessible, and driven by rock rhythms and electric instruments...”<br />– BBC Music<br /><br />While studded with treasured recordings reflecting his singular writing skills, Michael Gibbs’ slim discography has never kept pace with the breadth and depth of his creative output. In a career spanning more than half a century, he’s collaborated with a dazzling array of artists in jazz and beyond, including Pat Metheny, John McLaughlin, Joni Mitchell, John Scofield, Gary Burton, Whitney Houston, Peter Gabriel, and Richard Galliano. <br /><br />Gibbs’ intermittent relationship with Germany’s NDR Bigband, one the world's longest-running jazz ensembles, dates back to the early 1970s and has provided a particularly valuable vehicle for his vivid musical imagination. “I feel I know the individual players so well, that I write for them personally, or use how I know them in making orchestrational choices,” Gibbs says of the NDR Bigband. “That’s a luxury these day, when other projects are written more for the standard instrumentation without knowledge of the personal attributes (stunning as though they might be, and often are).” <br /><br />Born on September 25th, 1937, Gibbs has studied with such noted figures as Gunther Schuller, George Russell J.J. Johnson, Aaron Copland, Iannis Xenakis, and Lukas Foss. By the beginning of the 70s, he was recognized as one of jazz’s leading young arrangers and composers, and he developed a personal, thickly textured approach inspired by Gil Evans, Charles Ives and Olivier Messiaen. <br /><br />Gibbs has honed a subtle and highly personal approach to arranging and composition, incorporating driving rock rhythms and asymmetrical phrasing. When first emerging, his work anticipated the jazz/rock movement of the 70s. Although better known as an arranger than a composer, he really is one of the great writers to emerge out of the 'Brit-jazz' scene, and four wonderful, new original pieces are highlighted here. <br /><br />With ‘In My View’, Gibbs makes an unimpeachable case that this jazz cat in winter hasn’t lost a step. Gibbs’ View adds up to one of the year’s most rewarding and successful big band projects.{% endraw %}
