---
title: "15 Biggest Horses In The World"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/741ooVAQiUE\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "741ooVAQiUE"
categories: "Education"
tags: ["biggest horses in the world","biggest horses","horse breeds"]
date: "2021-06-10T05:15:37+03:00"
vid_date: "2021-03-24T13:00:02Z"
duration: "PT14M59S"
viewcount: "64887"
likeCount: "722"
dislikeCount: "68"
channel: "The Fanatic"
---
{% raw %}When it comes to horses, the untrained eye thinks horses are all the same. Of course, they’re all horses, but there are so many different types of horses out there, it would take someone a lot of training to become familiar with all the different breeds of horses. What if I mentioned the “Percheron” or the “American Quarter Horse” to you?<br /><br />► Subscribe For New Videos! ► shorturl.at/krBX9 <br /><br />Watch our “15 Biggest Bulls in The World”<br />video here: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://youtu.be/nNNJh0BiKxU">https://youtu.be/nNNJh0BiKxU</a><br />Watch our “15 Biggest Sharks Ever Found In The World” <br />video here: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://youtu.be/-11KMM6W0no">https://youtu.be/-11KMM6W0no</a><br />Watch our “15 Biggest Ships You Won't Believe Actually Exist” <br />video here: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://youtu.be/kd9IZAme9Yc">https://youtu.be/kd9IZAme9Yc</a><br /><br />Dutch Draft Horse<br /><br />Although the “Dutch Draft” sounds like a beer brand, it is not. The Dutch Draft is a large horse hailing from the Netherlands. This horse is muscular and as solid as an oak tree with a big chest. It comes in chestnut, bay, gray, and sometimes in black. It is almost six feet in height at the shoulders and weighs almost two-thousand pounds. <br /><br />This horse was used mostly for farm work like plowing, pulling logs, and driving, but after tractors and heavy machinery were introduced into the world, the Dutch Draft was used more often than not, for recreation purposes and taking part in dressage competitions. The Dutch Draft is a cold-blooded horse and has particularly good stamina. It is also a great horse with children because it has a calm temperament and does not become nervous easily. This is not a racehorse so it cannot be used for any kind of sporting activity.<br /><br /><br />Radar The Belgian Draft Horse<br /><br />The record for the tallest living horse in the world is held by a Belgian draft. The horse's name was Radar and he stood nineteen hands and higher and weighed over two-thousand three hundred pounds. Radar was purchased by the Priefert family in 2006. After becoming the world record holder, Radar was so popular around the US that he traveled the entire country so people could meet him and see how he looked in person. In 2010, Radar was a special guest of the Breyerfest and they even created a model-lookalike of Radar so he could be remembered. <br /><br />This horse had a great personality and was playful and loved to be around people. Unfortunately, Radar passed away on October 5th, 2016 on the Priefert family ranch in Mt. Pleasant, Texas. Radar almost lived twenty years and he will be remembered as the “Gentle Giant” to all who knew him. The Priefert family was honored to have had him as one of their own.{% endraw %}
