---
title: "Navigating the 3 Speed Levels of Prospective Buyers | Keynote Content"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/Si8jralTkaU\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "Si8jralTkaU"
categories: "Howto-Style"
tags: ["speaker","speakers","presenter"]
date: "2021-06-14T20:30:48+03:00"
vid_date: "2020-07-01T16:36:34Z"
duration: "PT16M5S"
viewcount: "3"
likeCount: "0"
dislikeCount: "0"
channel: "Keynote Content with Jon Cook"
---
{% raw %}Hey, it's Jon Cook with Keynote Content. Thanks for joining me again, as we look at the three lanes of buyers action, whether you are a coach who's selling a program, whether you are a course creator, who's selling a digital course or community, whether you have some type of done-for-you service, you have a workshop, you have training, something that you're selling online. Something that you have a prospective buyer that's looking at to purchase from you, you need to recognize that there are three distinct lanes for each buyer, each prospect that's coming to your sales page to connect with you, whether it's at a conference or whether it's connecting for a sales call, recognize that there are three speeds. And today, I want to walk you through what those three speeds are and how to carefully navigate each of those, so that you generate and you curate that interest over time so that they can purchase when they're ready.<br /><br />So, you have the pieces in place to make it an easier decision for them. So, as I walk you through, the first thing we need to recognize is that of these three lanes, 70%, as many as 70% of the leads coming to your website or connecting with you at a conference or through a call or some type of prospective interaction, as many as 70% of those leads are not ready to buy in the first 30 days. Databox just came out with a survey recently that talks about, of all the people that they surveyed, different types of digital marketing and different product presenters, whatnot, people who have a rather high ticket, thousand dollars plus type ticket that they want to offer their prospective buyers, saying that as many as 70% of the prospects coming to those websites, landing on those sales pages, were not ready to buy.<br /><br />And so, as we look at your prospects, the three lanes are fast, medium, slow. I know that's very groundbreaking, fast, medium, slow, but for this, I'm going to walk you through these three lanes and how you can nurture the interest for all three of these, in a way that makes sense for your business, with your timing. So, when people say, when they're ready to buy, you already know you've given them the best opportunity to understand, to get the objections of the way, to get their questions answered, to have that confidence in place that they know they're making the best decision with you and your business. So, the first one, fast lane, these are for prospects who are, the first 48 hours after connecting with you and your offer. It's not that they've just connected with you, but they've connected with your offer. They've heard your offer for the first time.<br /><br />They've landed on your sales page. They've seen you make that presentation, do that webinar, some type of breakout, whatever it might be, in the first 48 hours, these are the fast acting. And so, different people say, &quot;Well, you can add in a ...&quot; Like if you're doing an online course or some type of coaching program, you've probably heard the pitch, &quot;Here's also a fast action bonus, for the first 15 people who sign up, here's what's also included.&quot; And that tends to create what we call a table rush or what we call that wave the card in the air, and the first 10 people can get back to my assistant at the table, she's the one sitting in the back, or he's the one sitting back there, that's my sales team, the first 10 people, you get this type of bonus added in.<br /><br />So, a fast action bonus. That's a good way to add it in, but there's also the reality that that is tied more towards whether it's a timed bonus or whether it's a live experience. So, somebody needs to be on that page, or in that webinar, or at that event and getting that fast action bonus. But with all the different shift that's happened now, coming from live events to a virtual event, and more on-demand trainings, it's harder to do a fast action bonus because it doesn't have the urgency built in, naturally built in. And so, I want to caution you against also fake urgency, because any time you have to create this type of fake urgency, when people say, &quot;Hey, once this countdown timer hits zero across the board, this offer's gone.&quot;<br /><br />(Transcription continues)<br /><br />-----<br /><br />Being an expert doesn't mean you automatically have an audience, especially with so much noise in the digital marketing space. You need to break through the noise and establish your message as a rising thought leader in your industry. Jon Cook has worked with over 1,100 coaches and consultants and 800 speakers to make their messages remarkably clear and compelling to the right audience, and today he wants to help you. If you want greater clarity and even better results with your message, visit workwithjoncook.com.<br /><br />#marketing #speaker #presenter #coach #consultant #expertmarketing #messagingdevelopment #coachingstrategy #marketingstrategyforcoaches #marketingforcoaches #marketingforconsultants{% endraw %}
