---
title: "INBUILT HYDRAULIC JACK FOR AUTOMOBILE VEHICLES | CAR LIFT | SYSTEM | MECHANICAL PROJECT |12V BATTERY"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/XQXRH0EzGHU\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "XQXRH0EzGHU"
categories: "People-Blogs"
tags: ["#inbuilthydraulicjack #automobile #mechanicalproject #automobileproject #12vbattery #engineering"]
date: "2021-06-11T17:16:06+03:00"
vid_date: "2019-08-04T06:05:05Z"
duration: "PT2M15S"
viewcount: "3676"
likeCount: "84"
dislikeCount: "2"
channel: "Enzym"
---
{% raw %}PROJECT ABSTRACT<br />:<br /><br />A jack is a device which is used to raise part of vehicle in order to facilitate vehicle <br /><br />maintenances or breakdown repairs. In normal jack system a mechanical jack is used for <br /><br />lifting the vehicles. The most common form is a car jack, garage jack, floor jack which lifts <br /><br />vehicles so that maintenance can be performed. Jacks are generally used to increase <br /><br />mechanical advantage. Generally, jacks are needed for small and medium automobile <br /><br />garages and also to deal with sudden need to lift the vehicle during breakdown. In most of the <br /><br />cases the vehicles are lifted by using screw jack,This needs high man power and also when <br /><br />using a screw jack it is difficult for a person to find correct jack point and the apply load to <br /><br />lift the vehicle. In that case,it becomes more complicated for a physically handicapped <br /><br />person,aged person or for ladies to lift the vehicle during breakdown. Our research in this <br /><br />regard reveals the facts that mostly some difficult methods were adopted in lifting the <br /><br />vehicles for reconditioning. So we tried to grab the oppurtunity ,We developed an” inbuilt <br /><br />hydraulic jack” to avoid all the above disadvantages. This in built hydraulic jack can be used <br /><br />such that it can be used to lift the vehicle very smoothly without any impact force or <br /><br />difficulty in finding jack point. The operation is made very simple that even any person can <br /><br />handle it, by just pressing the button in the dashboard. Hence with the use of inbuilt <br /><br />hydraulic jack it is easier for a person to lift the four wheeler from ground without any <br /><br />difficulty and strain also can avoid the wastage of time and man power. Vehicle’s battery can <br /><br />be used as a source of power for the motor used in our jack. As a whole This project <br /><br />overcomed the difficulties in lifting the vehicles and a suitable device is designed such that <br /><br />the vehicle can be lifted from the floor without any application of impact force easily. The <br /><br />operation remains to be an essential part of the system although with changing demands on <br /><br />physical input, the degree of mechanization is increased.<br /><br />Project done by:<br />Jersal George<br />Rohin thomas Varghese<br />Sanjay m santhosh<br />Kevin kurian isaac<br /><br />Main components used :<br />inbuilt battery of car(12v)<br />Hydraulic pump and motor unit.<br /><br />Our special gratitude and thanks to our principal,HOD,project guide,project coordinators,friends and all others for the support.<br /><br />Sincere thanks to Mr. Darvin Davis who helped us a lot during our project.<br /><br />For more details of the project  and guidance, feel free to contact us.<br />Jersal George:7012860482<br />Rohin thomas :<br /><br />Background music:<br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://youtu.be/kBgsZ-iTGHs">https://youtu.be/kBgsZ-iTGHs</a>{% endraw %}
