---
title: "Green Energy Bill Spikes Electricity Costs, Harm Seniors, Cost Union jobs Say Bipartisan Lawmakers"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/YmLqTh76RlA\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "YmLqTh76RlA"
categories: "News-Politics"
tags: ["Green electricity","Local 307","unions oppose Green Energy bill in Illinois"]
date: "2021-06-07T02:53:46+03:00"
vid_date: "2021-06-06T20:23:39Z"
duration: "PT45M17S"
viewcount: "72"
likeCount: "9"
dislikeCount: "0"
channel: "IllinoisChannelTV"
---
{% raw %}Springfield, June 4, 2021:  A bipartisan group of lawmakers and union representatives, along with the Mayor of Springfield hold a press conference to oppose a Green Energy bill being worked on by environmental groups that would force an early close of two coal-fired electricity power plants in Central region of Illinois.  <br /><br />The use of coal to power electricity in Illinois is still key to maintaining power to the electric grid, with some 38% of the power coming from coal.  Coal is also among the lowest-cost fuels used to generate electricity.  Opponents to the green energy bill note that closing these coal-fired plants would not only cost union jobs, but raise the cost of electricity for consumers across Central and Southern Illinois.  <br /><br />Rep Tim Butler (R) of Springfield says the elimination of these coal generating plants would mean electricity would have to be bought out of state, at a higher cost, and the plants producing the electricity out of state, USE COAL!  As Butler says, there would be no environmental gain while costing Illinois jobs, and forcing Illinois consumers and businesses to pay more in electrical costs. <br /><br />Springfield Mayor, Jim Langfelder told the assembled that the bill being proposed would cost the City of Springfield tens of millions of dollars in additional costs by having to make changes to the local grid to import power from outside the region.   And the effort to close coal-fired plants comes with no consideration to the fact that China and India, two of the largest polluters in the world, continue to build coal generating electrical plants.  He notes that America and Illinois should not be putting itself in a position where the electric grid would be weakened by forcing consumers to rely on wind and solar to a greater degree as those are NOT reliable, cost-effective sources of energy, given the wind doesn't always blow and the sun doesn't always shine. <br /><br />Maintaining a constant flow of electricity into the grid to keep it powered, is what is known in the industry as &quot;Base-Load Power&quot;   The sporadic nature of &quot;alternative green energy sources&quot; threatens the operation of the grid and the ability to keep electricity flowing to consumers on a constant basis as they expect and need. <br /><br /><br />Politics, Personalities, Policies and business developments! Stay in touch with one of the most politically active, and important states in the USA!<br /><br /><br /><br />Follow us on Twitter: @IllinoisChannel<br /><br />website: IllinoisChannel.org <br /><br /><br /><br />DONATE to help fund our Independent Coverage: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://illinoischannel.givingfuel.com/donatenow">https://illinoischannel.givingfuel.com/donatenow</a>{% endraw %}
