---
title: "👉 HostMonster Review - Important Cons & Pros to Consider 🔥"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/n7cDIf9W0Kw\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "n7cDIf9W0Kw"
categories: "People-Blogs"
tags: ["hostmonster","hostmonster review","hostmonster customer service"]
date: "2021-06-10T16:42:06+03:00"
vid_date: "2021-06-10T12:16:39Z"
duration: "PT5M39S"
viewcount: "130"
likeCount: "16"
dislikeCount: "0"
channel: "Site Starters"
---
{% raw %}HostMonster Review in 2021 - I saw down and put this beast through its paces. Does it pass my test as a quality web host? Let's see!<br />👉 Get HostMonster ► <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://sitestarters.net/HostMonster-Discount">https://sitestarters.net/HostMonster-Discount</a><br />👉 Best Web Hosting Plans ► <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://sitestarters.net/best-web-hosting-plans/">https://sitestarters.net/best-web-hosting-plans/</a><br /><br />HostMonster Review: Important Cons &amp; Pros to Consider Transcript:<br />Hello everyone Carson here and in today's video, I'm going to be reviewing hostmonster. Now hostmonster is another website hosting platform. And I decided to review them today because I've already reviewed so many around 90 to date. And I have a comprehensive list and ranking of the best and worst hosting companies of 2021. Now if you do want to check out the best of the best the top three hosting companies I've picked for 2021, go ahead and head down to my link in the description where I've got that review link. But if not, and you want to stick around for this review, go ahead and stick around because we're about to jump into it. One more thing before we do though, is remember, leave a like subscribe and hit that notification bell because I am uploading every day. And I've got new content for you all the time. So you want to stick around and be notified whenever I post. And now let's get into the review. <br /><br />Now hostmonster is one of the oldest website hosting companies in the industry. They were founded in 1996, which is quite a ways back at least for internet standard. Now let's go ahead and get into the pros and cons of hostmonster. And if it's a good hosting company, now their uptime is around 99 point 94% which although it's not the 99 point 99 guarantees that most industry standard website hosting companies would have and should have, it is still acceptable, and it is still better than some of the competition. Unfortunately, now they do offer pretty decent support, it seems to be pretty fast, even though a lot of customers have reported not getting the best support service. And the most eager people wanting to help them. They haven't really gotten that. But it is still pretty fast and efficient support. So I got to give it to them. They're now even though their cheapest plan isn't actually the cheapest, it's around five bucks a month, which is pretty expensive, actually. But they offer decent value for that price.<br /><br /> You get around 50 gigs storage, unlimited bandwidth, and a free SSL. But now we need to get into the cons because there are quite a few of them. hostmonster unfortunately, doesn't really compete with a lot of the newer, better hosting companies on the market. One of the biggest problems I've noticed is their page loading time, it's around 1100 milliseconds. And that is pretty slow. When it comes to website hosting. Usually, you would expect a bit faster of a load time for a website hosting company, especially one so ingrained in the industry as this one and it just doesn't really work. It just doesn't present the load time I want to see. Now another big problem is they don't offer any month to month, their shortest plans or shortest terms are 12 month terms. And the pricing for those is extremely expensive. Starting at around 695. If you are comparing this to any industry standard hosting company, it's incredibly expensive for that long of a term just looking at other hosting companies like Bluehost or hosting there, you will notice better prices consistently for that long. <br /><br />That's kind of the type of price you would expect to see month to month and hostmonster is offering that for a 12 month term. So it just doesn't feel like the most efficient pricing scheme ever. And it's actually kind of misleading, because you only get their low prices, which are in reality and in the industry average if you commit to three years or longer. Next, they also have some hidden costs and fees.<br /><br /> For example, their free domain name isn't actually free. If you cancel your account at any time, they will charge you a non refundable amount to your bank account for that domain name, which is just kind of weird and very misleading in my opinion. Now, they also charge an extra 299 monthly for website backups when industry leaders offer those for free. So basically, you can think of it this way overall, there are a lot of hidden fees, and a lot of extra costs for hostmonster, you're not going to be just getting a basic plan, which I mentioned is more expensive than other basic plans, which actually toss in these resources, these extra fees that hostmonster has for free. <br /><br />Affiliate link disclaimer: If you click the links in the description and get a hosting provider, we may receive a commission. With that said, we don’t let brands dictate our opinions - if we said it, that means it’s what we truly believe. <br /><br />Please give my video HostMonster Review: Important Cons &amp; Pros to Consider a big thumbs up.{% endraw %}
