---
title: "Elon Musk., one on every phone pole across the world, Spiralairfoil Wind Turbine."
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/4vSD8z4fzNg\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "4vSD8z4fzNg"
categories: "Science-Technology"
tags: ["Renewable Energy","Wind Energy","Pollution Free Energy"]
date: "2021-06-08T21:50:17+03:00"
vid_date: "2008-05-01T21:06:21Z"
duration: "PT1M18S"
viewcount: "519449"
likeCount: "545"
dislikeCount: "65"
channel: "Daniel Parker"
---
{% raw %}Dear Elon Musk and Gwen Shotwell, Greetings, my name is Dan Parker, I am, as you are, an inventor.  I am a patent holder and wish to most humbly offer to you freely this patent of the SpiralAirFoil Wind Turbine.  <br />The traditional &quot;three bladed&quot; wind turbines one sees on the market today are roughly 30-31% inefficient.  According to Betz Limit of 59.3, they are very inefficient, that said a two bladed rough version of the SpiralAirFoil  that was tested by the Pakistani Institute of Technology yielded a 48.8 % efficiency.  Please review the independent testing by the Pakistani Institute of Technology here. (<a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="http://idosi.org/ijee/5%281%2914/3.pdf).">http://idosi.org/ijee/5%281%2914/3.pdf).</a>  On page three, left side column, 2/3 way down of their report, you can read about their independent findings of efficiency of the SpiralAirFoil design of 48.8 percent of efficiency) I am very confident that a three winged perfected version of the SpiralAirFoil Wind Turbine will surpass the limit and standard set forth by Mr. Betz of 59.3 %, thus translating into the biggest possible bang (energy) for the buck (materials) used.  Some 20-25 centuries from now, the SpiralAirFoil will still be flowing all over the EArth and throughout the universe/ultraverse, with your help. <br />Elon my time is nigh, I am dying and  will be passing on soon, I can think of Know Won more in'spir'ational then you, the magic (imagination) you have unleased onto/into hour whirled, is not only with the &quot;Hope&quot; but also the  with the &quot;Vision&quot;. <br />The SpiralAirFoil design will enable you to make all the methalox, hydrolox or what ever energy conversion you may in-vision, efficiently,  and not only on EArth. Please read my scribbles on youtube, there is a HydroSpiralFoil (Submarines) aspect to the concept as well. The design enables for compact storage when being shipped on Starship and other transports. <br /> Please, from one kin in the sand box to another kin in the sand box, accept my humble offering, it is free to you and I will sign any legal papers at your request. Blessed be. Dan Parker 603-680-0181,  <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="http://patft.uspto.gov/netacgi/nph-Parser?Sect1=PTO1&amp;Sect2=HITOFF&amp;d=PALL&amp;p=1&amp;u=%2Fnetahtml%2FPTO%2Fsrchnum.htm&amp;r=1&amp;f=G&amp;l=50&amp;s1=8,251,662.PN.&amp;OS=PN/8,251,662&amp;RS=PN/8,251,662">http://patft.uspto.gov/netacgi/nph-Parser?Sect1=PTO1&amp;Sect2=HITOFF&amp;d=PALL&amp;p=1&amp;u=%2Fnetahtml%2FPTO%2Fsrchnum.htm&amp;r=1&amp;f=G&amp;l=50&amp;s1=8,251,662.PN.&amp;OS=PN/8,251,662&amp;RS=PN/8,251,662</a> and <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://patents.google.com/patent/US8251662B2/en?oq=U.S.+Patent+No.+8%2c251%2c662">https://patents.google.com/patent/US8251662B2/en?oq=U.S.+Patent+No.+8%2c251%2c662</a>{% endraw %}
