---
title: "Touhou 东方栖霞园 ~ Blue devil in the Belvedere - Lunatic 1cc (No-Miss, No-Bomb)"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/tBqyZdEu1jA\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "tBqyZdEu1jA"
categories: "Gaming"
tags: ["东方栖霞园","Blue devil in the Belvedere","东方栖霞园 ~ Blue devil in the Belvedere"]
date: "2021-06-17T06:41:28+03:00"
vid_date: "2021-06-14T22:00:12Z"
duration: "PT37M32S"
viewcount: "2124"
likeCount: "118"
dislikeCount: "1"
channel: "Jaimers"
---
{% raw %}Turn on captions for some extra comments. <br /><br />Another new Chinese Touhou fangame with 500 times the production values of official Touhou games. China is absolutely out of control when it comes to Touhou fangames. <br />Made by the same people that made Elegant Impermanence of Sakura.<br /><br />Lunatic clear where I don't lose any lives and don't use any bombs. <br />There is an auto-hyper system that consumes two bombs if you get hit though, which makes no-bomb kinda weird in this game. It's technically not an auto-bomb but it does consume bombs. The game considers this a no-bomb though so I guess I'm rolling with that for now. <br /><br />There is actually a Steam achievement for doing this LNN called Mythical Fantasy, it's pretty nutty.<br />There is another one for scoring 30 billion points that seems wild. You can apparently do this on Normal mode though, so it might not be quite as bad as this one. <br /><br />For survival Sakuya seems like the best shot. Really strong shot with strong homing. Her focused shot is kinda like the Ketsui lock-on but way stronger. <br />Her shot also does a ton of damage if you pointblank with it. <br /><br />Really good game, though the stages feel like a downgrade from Elegant Impermanence of Sakura. EIoS had that cool dye mechanic that made for a lot of interesting and unique stage design. The stages in this game are a lot more generic I'd say (also stage 3 is like literally all tapstreaming what happened there).<br /><br />Lots of polish and attention to quality of life stuff too. <br />It has a very good practice mode reminiscent of the universal touhou practice tool.<br />It also has cool things like a boss lifebar at the bottom of the screen, and there is a sound effect for when a pattern is low on HP, it's all really nice.<br /><br />[ Hyper System ]<br />Main mechanic in this game is the hyper system (also called Power Overwhelming Mode). <br />Enemies drop bloodgem fragments that increase your hyper meter, which is the Power Rank and the cubes underneath (also the ring around your player). Some values are fixed but some are tied to your current Power Rank. <br />When fully filled, you can activate a hyper and a hyper also activates automatically if you get hit (though it consumes 2 bombs). <br />The hypers work kinda like in Daioujou. The hyper replaces the bomb button and it drastically powers up your shot. The game also gets significantly harder during a hyper. It's not really rank though, it's more like the game jumps up an entire difficulty. So for Lunatic if jumps up to Ultra basically. You can get hit two times during a hyper, but you lose Power Rank every time you do, which makes it take longer to get the next hyper. <br />During a hyper you can also fill up the last cube to get the next hyper quicker. <br />Hyper rank is really crazy on Lunatic and you don' want to activate it at the wrong times. <br /><br />[ Survival ]<br />LNN in this game is a pretty interesting challenge. <br />In terms of leeway you can get hit during a hyper, and outside of a hyper you autohyper for two bombs each time you get hit, but only if your hyper meter is fully filled. Every time it's not you're at risk of getting an instant game over. <br />Surviving the hyper rank at bad moments is also another thing entirely. On bosses it doesn't drop back down to Lunatic instantly when a hyper ends, they need to finish shooting their current wave before it does. During that moment you're really vulnerable. <br />Though autohypering is bad because you lose bombs, so you want to manually hyper as much as possible instead. On no-miss pace you only get 9 bombs for the whole game and you want to have at least a couple for the TLB.<br />For many moments you want to hyper for safety and then route a way to quickly build the hyper back up so you have that safety net again. <br />For this run I routed hyper usage in such a way to make the game basically as consistent and safe as possible. <br /><br />[ Scoring ] <br />Scoring system in this game is pretty involved and pretty legit. <br />Items are automatically vacuumed and worth more during a hyper and you also get double the spellcard bonus for capturing spellcards during a hyper. So you want to hyper as much as possible while dealing with the increased difficulty. <br />To increase the point item value you graze, cancel bullets, collect bloodgem items and beat enemies.<br />Every character also scores differently. Reimu gets a big graze bonus, Marisa a big bullet cancel bonus and Sakuya a big bloodgem bonus. So they all focus on different things. <br /><br />Buy the game on Steam here: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://store.steampowered.com/app/1365750/__Blue_devil_in_theBelvedere/">https://store.steampowered.com/app/1365750/__Blue_devil_in_theBelvedere/</a><br /><br />00:00 - Intro<br />00:17 - Stage 1<br />03:48 - Stage 2<br />08:39 - Stage 3<br />14:13 - Stage 4<br />20:51 - Stage 5<br />26:22 - Stage 6<br />34:25 - Ending &amp; Credits<br /><br />-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------<br />Twitter: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://twitter.com/JaimersSTG">https://twitter.com/JaimersSTG</a><br />Twitch: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.twitch.tv/jaimersstg">https://www.twitch.tv/jaimersstg</a>{% endraw %}
