---
title: "[Music] Brand New Day  -Tokyo Disney Resort 35th Anniversary “Happiest Celebration” Theme Song-"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/h-9cmpUKStI\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "h-9cmpUKStI"
categories: "Entertainment"
tags: ["[Music]","Brand","-Tokyo"]
date: "2021-06-26T12:49:07+03:00"
vid_date: "2018-04-10T12:38:21Z"
duration: "PT4M10S"
viewcount: "3854405"
likeCount: "22247"
dislikeCount: "791"
channel: "Beyond All Imagination"
---
{% raw %}東京ディズニーリゾート35周年”ハピエスト・セレブレーション”テーマソング「Brand New Day」の音源です。<br />物語は、まだ始まったばかり。<br /><br />This music is &quot;Brand New Day&quot; that theme song of &quot;Tokyo Disney Resort 35th Anniversary&quot;.<br /><br /><br /><br /><br />〈Lyrics〉<br />Brand New Day /  Lyrics &amp; Music by Adam Mark Gubman<br /><br />We've come to celebrate <br />The spark of something new <br />What imagination brings, starts here with me and you <br /><br />I wanna hear you shout <br />I wanna hear you sing <br />Can you feel the energy of the dawn of breaking dreams? <br /><br />We're all gonna party, it don't matter your age <br />In a world filled with play <br />Tomorrow's a wish away <br />Now come on, crank the volume <br />Gonna celebrate <br />(One! Twol Threel)<br /><br />This is your world, come play inside <br />This is the story that we'll write <br />These are your friends, they light the way <br />A different adventure, brand new day <br /><br />These are the players, this your stage <br />The thrill of a future, bright and brave <br />The rush of a magic memory made <br />The party that starts, we celebrate <br />So, come on! <br /><br />Your world is gonna change <br />It's gonna make you smile <br />I know you haven't come to party in a while <br /><br />There's a million reasons why <br />We're gonna bring the heat <br />The ceiling's gonna blovw <br />We're dancing in the street <br /><br />Now come on everybody, it don't matter your age<br />In a world filled with play <br />Tomorrow's wish away <br />Now come on, crank the volume <br />Gonna celebrate <br />(One! Two! Three!)<br /><br />This is your world, come play inside <br />This is the story that we'll write <br />These are your friends, they light the way <br />A different adventure, brand new day <br /><br />These are the players, this your stage <br />The thrill of a future, bright and brave <br />The rush of a magic memory made <br />The party that starts, we celebrate <br />So, come on! <br /><br />Here it begins, this brand new dream <br />The one you grew up to love and believe <br />We're dancing ahead, new stories to weave <br />Together we'll party the future is you and me <br /><br />This is your world, come play inside <br />This is the story that we'll write <br />These are your friends, they light the way <br />A different adventure, brand new day <br /><br />These are the players, this your stage <br />The thrill of a future, bright and brave <br />The rush of a magic memory made <br />The party that starts, we celebrate<br /><br />This is your world, come play inside <br />This is the story that we'll write <br />These are your friends, they light the way <br />A different adventure, brand new day <br /><br />These are the players, this your stage <br />The thrill of a future, bright and brave <br />The rush of a magic memory made <br />The party that starts, we celebrate <br />So, come on!{% endraw %}
