---
title: "Rainy Wish Jam: Jimi Style Backing Track [C Minor (ish) - 84 BPM]"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/5hMR9SNl51E\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "5hMR9SNl51E"
categories: "Education"
tags: ["backing track","backing tracks","jam track"]
date: "2021-06-11T14:41:34+03:00"
vid_date: "2021-06-10T13:00:02Z"
duration: "PT7M3S"
viewcount: "2159"
likeCount: "123"
dislikeCount: "1"
channel: "Now YOU Shred"
---
{% raw %}How about throwing us a bone and buying this track? We really need your support!  <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://nowyoushred.bandcamp.com/album/rainy-wish-jam-jimi-style-backing-track-c-minor-84-bpm">https://nowyoushred.bandcamp.com/album/rainy-wish-jam-jimi-style-backing-track-c-minor-84-bpm</a><br /><br /><br />This jam track was inspired by a tune that probably inspired a million other later songs based on the same chords, One Rainy Wish by Jimi Hendrix!<br /> <br /><br />The chords are C G Bb F, so you can technically get away with C Major pentatonic, but I prefer C minor pentatonic all the way, or a maybe a mix of the two? What about you? <br /><br />Gear: <br /><br />MJT Stratocaster<br /><br />1965 Fender Pro Reverb<br /><br />SM 57 Microphone<br /><br />Toontrack EZ Drummer<br /><br />Arturia Synth Plug-ins<br /><br />Original Hofner Bass<br /><br />Ableton Live<br /><br /><br />All sounds performed, programmed, recorded, mixed and mastered by Renzo Staiano<br /><br />jimi hendrix backing track, jimi hendrix jam track<br /><br /><br />5 STEP PROGRAM TO QUICKLY GET WAY BETTER USING BACKING TRACKS<br /><br />1. Study the scales, memorize them from root to root, all over the guitar neck if possible.<br />2. Learn the song form and the chords. You MUST be able to play rhythm guitar in order to really get the lead right. <br />3. THEN Jam along. Make a habit of listening; not just to your playing, but to the music that you are making. Try to play what you hear, don't space out. It should be like a lucid dream, where you are basically in a different mode of consciousness, but you are still in control. If you're getting lost, you didn't study the scales and chords enough.<br />4. Now for the ultimate extra credit: If you are technically inclined (and you should be these days), you can download the stems, make your own mix, and record yourself into the mix. This is the absolute most educational exercise you can do for your playing because you will spend time perfecting your takes and listening critically to your playing, tone, effects etc. Not to mention you get a feel for what each individual instrument in the band is doing, and how they fit together (and how your added part might fit into that mix).<br />5. Finally, as often as possible, I highly recommend performing in front of people or posting your work on social media to add the essential layer of motivation that only a public performance will give you. We are human beings, and no matter how much we may want to deny it, we are highly motivated by public praise (and humiliation), so this is an essential part of any performing art.<br />✧✧✧✧✧✧✧✧✧✧✧✧✧✧✧✧✧✧✧✧✧✧✧✧✧✧✧✧✧✧✧✧✧✧✧✧✧✧✧<br /><br />Some Simple Shred Suggestions:<br /><br /><br />① Keep it simple, and repeat good ideas and sounds you like. <br /><br />② Try to play what's in your head, not what you're looking at (like those chord grids up there) or what your fingers have &quot;memorized&quot;.<br /><br />③ Be expressive! Try to add hammer-ons, string rakes, palm mutes, pull-offs, bends, slides, vibrato, or whammy bar to as many notes as you can! Listen to the pros, I guarantee that's what they're doing, unless they're shredding at a million notes a second. <br /><br />④ Most importantly: Learn some useful vocabulary! You must either copy some phrases from someone else, or come up with your own phrases to play. Music is a language with MANY dialects - you MUST learn the basics of the language to sound good, AND a the idiosyncrasies of the dialect to sound hip! That, or you're some kind of genius who automatically knows what do do (doubtful) so don't be lazy! Learn some basic blues licks, they will take you far! I learned some Dave Gilmour and Jimi Hendrix licks 20 years ago and I still play 'em all the time!<br />✧✧✧✧✧✧✧✧✧✧✧✧✧✧✧✧✧✧✧✧✧✧✧✧✧✧✧✧✧✧✧✧✧✧✧✧✧✧✧✧✧✧✧✧✧✧✧✧<br /><br /><br />♫ About ♫ <br />My name is Renzo, I make these tracks. I'm a guitar teacher, touring musician and music producer from the great city of Oakland, California. If you want to know a little more about me, check out my website: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="http://staianomusic.com/.">http://staianomusic.com/.</a>  Please SUBSCRIBE, I upload at least once a week so don't miss out! <br /><br /><br />Don't you think this stuff is worth 1 little, fancy Starbucks latte a month? <br />Please go subscribe or download your favorite track at Bandcamp and Apple Music. These videos take a lot of time to produce and I really can't do it without support from you guys! <br />☞<a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://nowyoushred.bandcamp.com/">https://nowyoushred.bandcamp.com/</a> <br />THANKS so much for your support!<br /><br />--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------<br />➢Find my Twitter: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://twitter.com/NowYouShred">https://twitter.com/NowYouShred</a><br />➢Follow me on Instagram: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.instagram.com/nowyoushred">https://www.instagram.com/nowyoushred</a><br />➢Visit my Bandcamp: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://nowyoushred.bandcamp.com/">https://nowyoushred.bandcamp.com/</a><br /><br />--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------<br /><br />Please comment if you have any questions, suggestions or requests.<br /><br />☠ SHRED ON ☠{% endraw %}
