---
title: "Antalya, Turkey | Advantages of living, vacationing and owning property in Antalya"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/25yPIwM7Wq4\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "25yPIwM7Wq4"
categories: "Travel-Events"
tags: ["property in antalya","properties in antalya","Life in antalya"]
date: "2021-07-01T20:27:47+03:00"
vid_date: "2021-07-01T14:15:23Z"
duration: "PT21M42S"
viewcount: "58"
likeCount: "8"
dislikeCount: "0"
channel: "Life and Real Estate in Turkey"
---
{% raw %}#Antalya #PropertyinAntalya #AllAboutAntalya<br /><br />Antalya, Turkey, advantages of living, vacationing and buying property in Antalya; moving to Turkey on a permanent basis – these are our topics for today’s episode. <br /><br />Today you will learn all about Antalya and its advantages, from people who have lived here permanently for the last 18 years. <br /><br />We collected all the information about Antaly, apartments in Antalya and their features to make not just a review, but a full movie. <br /><br />We are certain that this will be useful to all those who are wishing to purchase an apartment in Antalya and don’t want to pick the wrong district!<br /><br />Antalya old town, Antalya kaleiçi, information about Antalya apartments - all will be here just now!<br /><br />The topic of today’s video was suggested to us by our subscribers. When thinking of purchasing property in Turkey, many potential buyers wonder:<br /><br />- Where is the best place to live?<br />- Which province and which city should they pick?<br />- Where would their family be most comfortable living, studying and working?<br /><br />All the answers are in our video:<br /><br />00:00 Antalya, Turkey | All the benefits<br />01:00 How to choose a region to live in Turkey?<br />01:34 All about Antalya<br />02:07 Antalya population<br />02:55 Popular areas of Antalya<br />03:20 Antalya climate<br />03:42 Antalya sea and beaches<br />04:33 Openness and hospitality of the Turkish people<br />05:21 Transport accessibility<br />07:34 Fresh natural products and the cost of living<br />08:19 Safety of life, family and children<br />09:21 Education in Antalya<br />10:35 Medicine in Antalya<br />12:01 Culture and entertainment<br />15:02 Comfort of life and ease of adaptation<br />15:50 Shopping in Antalya<br />16:19 Sports in Antalya<br />17:42 Religion and tolerance<br />18:28 Restaurants and cafes in Antalya<br />19:27 Property in Antalya<br /><br />Life in Turkey is a popular channel about Turkey, life, real estate, business, and traditions in this wonderful country.<br /><br />We offer the most interesting, necessary, and exclusive firsthand information on Turkey that you won’t find anywhere else. We know and tell you honestly what others do not say or know.<br /><br />The best videos on Turkey, its culture and history, real estate and business, people’s lives and their customs are here.<br /><br />Our lifehacks and useful tips will help you get to know this country closer and avoid many mistakes and this way to save a lot of time, effort, and money.<br /><br />Would you like to buy an apartment or a house in Turkey? Or are you considering starting a company or a business? Maybe you are trying to find the right commercial property or a hotel for investment? Would you like to have someone to represent your interests in the country and to do it professionally?<br /><br />Tolerance Homes has been a reliable guide and a partner in Turkey for many clients for 18 years.<br /><br />Our website: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://tolerance-homes.com/">https://tolerance-homes.com/</a><br />WhatsApp: +90 537 482 84 23{% endraw %}
