---
title: "Bob Marley - Coming in from the cold"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/RR5lR7BqPIg\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "RR5lR7BqPIg"
categories: "Music"
tags: ["coming","in","from"]
date: "2021-06-23T23:08:24+03:00"
vid_date: "2009-02-19T19:15:54Z"
duration: "PT4M34S"
viewcount: "4535239"
likeCount: "28924"
dislikeCount: "1453"
channel: "FreakMusic666"
---
{% raw %}Bob Marley - Coming in from the cold<br /><br /><br /><br />Lyrics:<br /><br /><br /><br />In this life, in this life, in this life,<br /><br />In this, oh sweet life:<br /><br />We're (we're coming in from the cold);<br /><br />We're coming in (coming in), coming in (coming in),<br /><br />coming in (coming in), coming in (coming in),<br /><br />Coming in from the cold.<br /><br /><br /><br />It's you - it's you - it's you I'm talkin' to -<br /><br />Well, you (it's you) - you (it's you) - you I'm talking to now.<br /><br />Why do you look so sad and forsaken?<br /><br />When one door is closed, don't you know other is open?<br /><br /><br /><br />Would you let the system make you kill your brotherman?<br /><br />No, no, no, no, no, no! No, Dread, no!<br /><br />Would you make the system make you kill your brotherman?<br /><br />(No, Dread, no!)<br /><br />Would you make the system get inside your head again?<br /><br />(No, Dread, no!)<br /><br />Well, the biggest man you ever did see was - was just a baby.<br /><br /><br /><br />In this life (in this life),<br /><br />In this (in this life, oh sweet life):<br /><br />Coming in from the cold;<br /><br />We're coming in (coming in), coming in-a (coming in),<br /><br />coming in (coming in), ooh! (coming in)<br /><br />Coming in from the cold!<br /><br /><br /><br />It's life (it's life), it's life (it's life), it's life (it's life):<br /><br />it's - wa - well! - coming in from the cold!<br /><br />We're coming in (coming in), coming in (coming in) -<br /><br />ooh (coming in), hey! (coming in),<br /><br />Coming in from the cold!<br /><br /><br /><br />It's you - you - you I'm talking -<br /><br />Well, yes, you, bilyabong! (it's you);<br /><br />ew! - you I'm talking to now.<br /><br />Gi-irl, why do you look so - look so - look so sad -<br /><br />look so sad and forsaken?<br /><br />Don't you know: When one door is closed - when one door is closed,<br /><br />many more is open?<br /><br /><br /><br />We-e-e-ell, would you let the system get inside your head again?<br /><br />No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, Dread, no!<br /><br />Would you let the system make you kill your brotherman?<br /><br />No, Dread, no!<br /><br />We-e-e-ell, would you make the system get inside your head again?<br /><br />(No, Dread, no!) No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no!<br /><br />Well, the biggest - biggest man you ever - ever<br /><br />Did-a see was-a - was-a once a baby.<br /><br /><br /><br />In this life, in this life, in this life,<br /><br />In this, oh, sweet life,<br /><br />We're (coming in from the cold) from the cold!<br /><br />We're coming in (coming in), coming in (coming in),<br /><br />coming in (coming in), wo-o! Yea-ea-eah!<br /><br />Coming in from the cold<br /><br /><br /><br />We're coming in-a, coming in-a, coming in-a, coming in-a!<br /><br />Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yea-ea-ea-eah!<br /><br />Coming in from the cold<br /><br />Coming in (coming in), coming in (coming in) -<br /><br />(coming in) (coming in)<br /><br />(coming in) from the - from the cold!{% endraw %}
