---
title: "How To Be IRRESISTIBLE to Men | 5 Pro Tips to Make Him 😍"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/f6cbcXnSCU4\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "f6cbcXnSCU4"
categories: "Howto-Style"
tags: ["how to be irresistible to men","how to be sexy","how to attract men"]
date: "2021-06-30T22:00:24+03:00"
vid_date: "2018-07-22T14:00:03Z"
duration: "PT6M1S"
viewcount: "48268"
likeCount: "1506"
dislikeCount: "38"
channel: "Love Strategies"
---
{% raw %}Learn to be so tempting he won't be able to resist. SUBSCRIBE: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://bit.ly/2JYWxgU">https://bit.ly/2JYWxgU</a><br />Join the Sexy Confidence Club: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://sexyconfidence.com/club/">https://sexyconfidence.com/club/</a><br /><br />If you've never had a man look at you like a mouthwatering cake he can't wait to devour, this article and video are for you. I am, in fact, going to teach you how to be that cake, assuming that is what you want.<br /><br />Understanding how the male mind works is the first step toward learning how to be irresistible to men. Find out what they want in The Male Mind Map: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://secret.sexyconfidence.com/map-offer/">https://secret.sexyconfidence.com/map-offer/</a><br /><br />1:10 How To Be Irresistible to Men #1: Confidence is Sexy: Be Confident and He Will Fall For You<br /><br />Even if you can't change anything about your physical appearance, learning to boost your confidence is an instant upgrade that delivers results every time.<br /><br />Not only do men see you differently (&quot;Wow. She is so sure of herself. I want a woman like that!&quot;), but you see yourself differently as well. You stop settling for guys that don't fit what you want in an ideal mate and set higher standards for yourself. All of which helps you find the right guy for the rest of your life.<br /><br />1:41 How To Be Irresistible to Men #2: Be Independent to Make Yourself Irresistible to Men<br /><br />Want to know how to be irresistible to men? Have a fab life!<br /><br />Being independent, like being confident, has multiple benefits. Yes, it's part of learning how to be irresistible to men, but it also keeps you busy. You're not pretending you have plans to make a man wait for you...you actually are so busy you have trouble fitting him in! Having an independent life means you do what you want to be happy, and you fill your life with activities you enjoy. A man should enhance that, not replace it.<br /><br />Fill your life with people and activities that bring you joy. Don't give them up when you meet a man...especially because your independence will be the thing that draws him to you!<br /><br />2:20 How To Be Irresistible to Men #3: Be Patient<br /><br />I know how frustrating it is to date, especially if you're in your 40s, 50s, or older. But trying to rush finding the right man won't actually work, and you could end up getting even more hurt. And guys smell desperation. So if you go out with a man trying to make him right for you when he's not, he'll probably bolt.<br /><br />4:00 How To Be Irresistible to Men #4: Be Positive<br /><br />If you aren't naturally positive, work on it. If you tend to talk negatively about others, force yourself to stop. It's not attractive. Wear a rubber band on your wrist, and whenever you think or say something negative, snap the band. It's enough to draw your attention to your behavior and hopefully get you to change the bad habit.<br /><br />And, again, the benefit here is more than just being attractive to men. Being more positive can keep you happier and healthier!<br /><br />4:10 How To Be Irresistible to Men #5: Share Your Opinions...Even If They’re Different<br /><br />Men dig it when you speak your mind, even if you're the only one in the room who feels that way.  How do I know this? My girlfriend, Jessica, is a real firecracker when it comes to expressing herself, and I freaking love it.<br /><br />4:45 BONUS Tip: Love That Sexy Body<br /><br />One of the best tips for how to be irresistible to men is to really and truly love your body. I know there are a ton of conflicting messages out there in fashion magazines that make you feel like your thighs are too big or your bust too small, but please believe me when I say that there is no single ideal when it comes to women's bodies. And men are all over the spectrum in terms of body types that they're attracted to.<br /><br />Be authentic. Be you. That's all you have to do.<br /><br />Want to get access to Part 2 of this article: How to Avoid Coming Off as &quot;Easy&quot; When Showing Interest in Men? Become an exclusive member of the Sexy Confidence Club to unlock it right now: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://sexyconfidence.com/club/">https://sexyconfidence.com/club/</a> <br /><br />As a member, you'll get access to content before anyone else, and you'll meet other Sexy Confident ladies in our super cool forum!{% endraw %}
