---
title: "What is a 401K?"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/kPBVtVgbL8E\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "kPBVtVgbL8E"
categories: "Education"
tags: ["artsmoneytalk","what is a 401k","whats a 401k"]
date: "2021-06-22T00:06:58+03:00"
vid_date: "2016-11-24T06:36:25Z"
duration: "PT5M58S"
viewcount: "23490"
likeCount: "767"
dislikeCount: "10"
channel: "ArtsMoneyTalk"
---
{% raw %}What is a 401K? A 401K plan is a great way to start saving for retirement. You basically get free money from your company to go towards your retirement. Be sure to find out exactly how your company’s 401K plan works since they’re all slightly different. The most common version is some sort of percentage match. For example, if the rule is 5% match, your company will contribute 5% to your 401K account if you contribute 5%. So if you’re making $4,000 a month, that’s $200 from you and $200 from your company going to your 401K account. Free money! <br /><br />It gets even better. Not only are you getting free money, but you won’t be taxed on the money you’re contributing to your 401K account. You’ll only be taxed after you take the money out. You should wait until after you’re 59 ½ years old to take money out of your 401K account since you will be hit with a 10% early withdrawal penalty if you pull out before then. <br /><br />Also be aware that most plans have what’s called a vesting period. You must stay with the company up to the vesting period if you want to keep your company contributions. For example, if you company has a 2 year vesting period rule, you need to stay at the company for 2 years from your date of hire to keep any contributions the company made. This rule only applies to the company match; anything you put into your 401K account yourself is always yours and can’t be taken away from you. Also look out for high fees when selecting the funds your money goes into since they can eat into your gains pretty heavily.<br /><br />Hope this helps! <br /><br />ArtsMoneyTalk - Inspire Success{% endraw %}
