---
title: "Having an appraisal? - 40 - English at Work helps you think about your work"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/D6csERMDPQY\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "D6csERMDPQY"
categories: "Education"
tags: ["appraisal","feedback","business"]
date: "2021-06-18T06:23:54+03:00"
vid_date: "2017-04-05T08:30:00Z"
duration: "PT6M2S"
viewcount: "65422"
likeCount: "527"
dislikeCount: "11"
channel: "BBC Learning English"
---
{% raw %}For more English at Work and other great content:: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="http://www.bbc.co.uk/learningenglish/english/features/english-at-work">http://www.bbc.co.uk/learningenglish/english/features/english-at-work</a><br /><br />TRANSCRIPT<br /><br />Paul              <br />Could I have a word Anna, in my office? <br /><br />Narrator    <br />Hello again. I wonder what Paul wants to say to Anna? Could it have something to do with Rachel, the pen thief or is it just to do with biscuits?! Let's find out.  <br /><br />Paul              <br />Have a seat… so well done for speaking to her. Stealing all those pens from the office was the final straw.<br /><br />Anna            <br />She was stealing straws?<br /><br />Paul               <br />No, no. It was the final thing that she did wrong – and it meant disciplinary action. I've had to 'let her go' – in other words, sack her.<br /><br />Anna            <br />Oh, so she's gone. But what is Mr Socrates going to say? She was his best employee.<br /><br />Paul               <br />Leave it with me. I’m sure he'll understand…I hope. Now, I wanted to speak to you about your appraisal.<br /><br />Anna<br />My appraisal?<br /><br />Paul       <br />Yes, we do it every year. It's a chance to talk about you, talk about the highs and lows of the past year and look forward.<br /><br />Anna           <br />Highs and lows? But I haven't been walking up any hills.<br /><br />Narrator     <br />No Anna! He means your appraisal is about reviewing your performance and setting objectives for the year ahead.<br /><br />Anna            <br />I see. But what are objectives?<br /><br />Narrator      <br />These are tasks for you to do, to try and improve your performance and skills and help the business. Here are the questions you’re likely to hear in an appraisal: <br />What's gone well for you this year?<br />What didn't go so well?<br />What should you do more of?<br />Let's look ahead and set some objectives.<br /><br />Anna             <br />Right. Thanks. So Paul, when shall we have this, err, appraisal?<br /><br />Paul               <br />If you've time, we could make a start now?<br /><br />Anna            <br />Oh OK. So I need to think about my performance first?<br /><br />Paul               <br />Exactly. What has gone well for you this year?<br /><br />Anna             <br />Well I guess I've just done my job.<br /><br />Narrator     <br />Anna! This is your chance to sell yourself. Think about the deals you've made, the people you've managed, that sort of thing.<br /><br />Anna             <br />Right. Well, I did complete two big contracts for the Imperial Lemon…<br /><br />Paul               <br />You've had plenty of compliments for that. You seem to have a zest for selling!<br /><br />Anna             <br />Err, right… and then there was dealing with Mr Ingle in the warehouse.<br /><br />Paul               <br />Yes, that's a good example of dealing with difficult staff. And what didn't go so well?<br /><br />Anna             <br />Well…erm…working with Rachel…and cold calling I suppose. That wasn’t easy.<br /><br />Paul               <br />Ah yes. But you soon warmed up! And what should you do more of?<br /><br />Anna             <br />Err, erm…<br /><br />Narrator      <br />It's a tricky question Anna – but don't be ashamed about admitting things that you feel you could improve on. Nobody's perfect! Think about skills you'd like to improve.<br /><br />Anna             <br />Oh OK. Well Paul, I guess I could….develop some ideas for new products? Continue to work on the European marketing strategy..sell more Imperial Lemons…err…<br /><br />Paul               <br />That's enough Anna!  If you do all that, you'll put me out of a job!<br /><br />Anna             <br />Oh, I don't want to do that!<br /><br />Paul               <br />Now let's look ahead and set some objectives. Biscuit?<br /><br />Anna             <br />Biscuits as an objective?  Oh I see…no thanks.<br /><br />Paul           <br />We've all got to improve our sales targets so I'm asking all the team to make an extra ten sales deals this year.<br /><br />Anna             <br />Oh, ten, that’s a lot.<br /><br />Paul              <br />It is but I know you can do it. And you mentioned developing new products, well I'd like you to do just that – but not plastic fruit, I'd like you to develop a plastic vegetable. Potato, carrot, that sort of thing.<br /><br />Anna            <br />Gosh. Well, ok.<br /><br />Paul               <br />Oh and one more thing. Could you help Denise sort out the stationery cupboard? It's a right mess.<br /><br />Anna             <br />Err.<br /><br />Narrator      <br />That's a lot of objectives for Anna. She's got her work cut out for the next year.  Appraisals are a good time to review your work and plan what you going to do next.  Here's a reminder of the kind of questions your manager may as you:<br />What has gone well for you this year? Give me some examples.<br />What didn't go so well?<br />What should you do more of?<br />Let's look ahead and set some objectives.<br /><br />Paul              <br />So if you could write up your appraisal and have it back to me by Friday?<br /><br />Anna             <br />Of course Paul. Thanks. See you later.<br /><br />Tom               <br />Oh hi Anna. Are you still on for dinner on Friday?<br /><br />Anna             <br />Yes Tom!<br /><br />Anna             <br />What's going on?!<br /><br />Denise       <br />A mouse…a mouse! I've just seen a mouse running out of the stationary office.<br /><br />Tom               <br />Was he stealing the pens?!<br /><br />Denise        <br />It's no joke. Quick…there he goes!<br /><br />Tom               <br />Leave him to me! Oh…oww!<br /><br />Anna             <br />Tom…Tom? Are you ok?<br /><br />Find the rest of the transcript on our website{% endraw %}
