---
title: "15 Minute Thigh Strength Test (no equipment workout)"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/Aq6j19fmZrA\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "Aq6j19fmZrA"
categories: "Howto-Style"
tags: ["at home workout","no equipment workout","exercise"]
date: "2021-06-09T10:20:39+03:00"
vid_date: "2021-04-11T15:30:00Z"
duration: "PT18M10S"
viewcount: "201523"
likeCount: "6711"
dislikeCount: "51"
channel: "blogilates"
---
{% raw %}Today I'm putting your thighs to the test... can you do this full 15 minute thigh workout without taking a break? I'm not saying you shouldn't take breaks if you need them, but I want you to push your body to its limit to get even stronger!<br /><br />Ready? We're gonna do each move for 50 seconds on, 10 seconds off.<br /><br />0:00 Intro<br />1:55 Plié<br />2:50 Single Plié - R<br />3:54 Single Plié - L<br />4:51 Plié Pulses<br />5:49 Up Up Down Down Pliés<br />6:45 Heels Up Plié Pulse<br />7:51 Hot Potato - R<br />8:52 Leg Circle Fwd- R<br />9:52 Leg Circle Bwd - R<br />10:57 Lying Leg Circle - R<br />11:52 Hot Potato - L<br />12:55 Leg Circle Fwd - L<br />13:57 Leg Circle Bwd - L<br />14:51 Lying Leg Circle - L<br />15:55 Sideways Scissors<br /><br />#pilates #blogilates #thighworkout<br /><br />Download the Body by Blogilates app:  <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://bit.ly/bodybyblogilatesapp">https://bit.ly/bodybyblogilatesapp</a><br /><br /><br /><br />My outfit &amp; yoga mat are from: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="http://www.popflexactive.com">http://www.popflexactive.com</a><br /><br /><br /><br />Here is where I get all of my music! Epidemic Sound: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="http://share.epidemicsound.com/sgFTn">http://share.epidemicsound.com/sgFTn</a><br /><br /><br /><br />******<br /><br /><br /><br />Cassey Ho is an award-winning fitness instructor, entrepreneur and online personality. As the creator behind Blogilates, the #1 female fitness channel on YouTube, she’s transformed millions of lives through helping them achieve their strength and weight-loss goals. She focuses on making fitness fun and the results are evident. Cassey's unique format, POP Pilates©, which launched as a workout video on YouTube in 2009, has become a live fitness class that can be taken at gyms all over the world with over 3,000 POP Pilates classes being taught monthly. Her authenticity continues to shine through, making her one of the most relatable fitness icons online and beyond. She's also the author of the best-selling book, Hot Body Year Round and is the designer of her own activewear line, POPFLEX.<br /><br /><br /><br />With a wide range of free workout videos available, Cassey's channel focuses on ab exercises, butt &amp; thigh exercises, arm exercises, pilates, cardio routines, fat burning workouts, high intensity interval training workouts (HIIT), stretching and flexibility routines and so much more!<br /><br /><br /><br /><br /><br />***<br /><br />DISCLAIMER:<br /><br /><br /><br />Blogilates and oGorgeous Inc. strongly recommend that you consult with your physician before beginning any exercise program.<br /><br /><br /><br />You should be in good physical condition and be able to participate in the exercise.<br /><br /><br /><br />You should understand that when participating in any exercise or exercise program, there is the possibility of physical injury. If you engage in this exercise or exercise program, you agree that you do so at your own risk, are voluntarily participating in these activities, assume all risk of injury to yourself, and agree to release and discharge Blogilates and oGorgeous Inc. from any and all claims or causes of action, known or unknown, arising out of Blogilates' and oGorgeous Inc.'s negligence.{% endraw %}
