---
title: "Message : Power  is costly"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/hm0LePp35Kg\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "hm0LePp35Kg"
categories: "People-Blogs"
tags: ["Message","Power","costly"]
date: "2021-07-03T13:43:42+03:00"
vid_date: "2021-01-16T10:29:55Z"
duration: "PT23M2S"
viewcount: "4"
likeCount: "0"
dislikeCount: "0"
channel: "Adetokunbo Abidoye"
---
{% raw %}Message: Power is costly<br />Daily live broadcast on Facebook from 18:00pm- 18:30pm Irish time<br />For our publications visit our YouTube channel : Reality Christian centre channel and our websites www.thepathofrighteousness.com and www.reality.ie. Tel: +353 89 486 4413<br />Memory verse: Matthew 17:21 KJV<br />Howbeit this kind goeth not out but by prayer and fasting.<br />Bible reading: Matthew 17:14-21 KJV And when they were come to the multitude, there came to him a certain man, kneeling down to him, and saying, [15] Lord, have mercy on my son: for he is lunatick, and sore vexed: for ofttimes he falleth into the fire, and oft into the water. [16] And I brought him to thy disciples, and they could not cure him. [17] Then Jesus answered and said, O faithless and perverse generation, how long shall I be with you? how long shall I suffer you? bring him hither to me. [18] And Jesus rebuked the devil; and he departed out of him: and the child was cured from that very hour. [19] Then came the disciples to Jesus apart, and said, Why could not we cast him out? [20] And Jesus said unto them, Because of your unbelief: for verily I say unto you, If ye have faith as a grain of mustard seed, ye shall say unto this mountain, Remove hence to yonder place; and it shall remove; and nothing shall be impossible unto you. [21] Howbeit this kind goeth not out but by prayer and fasting.<br />Acts 1:8 KJV But ye shall receive power, after that the Holy Ghost is come upon you: and ye shall be witnesses unto me both in Jerusalem, and in all Judaea, and in Samaria, and unto the uttermost part of the earth.<br />Acts 2:1-4 KJV And when the day of Pentecost was fully come, they were all with one accord in one place. [2] And suddenly there came a sound from heaven as of a rushing mighty wind, and it filled all the house where they were sitting. [3] And there appeared unto them cloven tongues like as of fire, and it sat upon each of them. [4] And they were all filled with the Holy Ghost, and began to speak with other tongues, as the Spirit gave them utterance.<br />To have power is not just a mere talk but it involves hard work like<br />- Continuous prayer<br />- Fasting<br />- Reading bible<br />- Discipline<br />Prayer<br />1. O lord my father give me power to conquer all in the name of Jesus<br />2. Empower me O lord to live a victorious life in the name of Jesus<br />3. Help me lord to be living a fasted life in the name of Jesus<br />4. Help me lord to live a prayerful life in the name of Jesus<br />5. My father connect me to the socket of your power in the name of Jesus<br />6. My father connect me with the socket of fire in the name of Jesus<br />7. O God my father turn my life around for good in the name of Jesus<br />8. Father lord give me power over unclean spirit in the name of Jesus<br />9. Power to appear and for darkness to disappear come upon me in the name of Jesus<br />10. I fire back by fire every arrows of the wicked fired against my life in the name of Jesus{% endraw %}
