---
title: "NEW PATENT!! Tesla UPGRADED the 4680 Battery! (HUGE)"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/yIDIM8B8Ovk\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "yIDIM8B8Ovk"
categories: "Entertainment"
tags: ["tesla cybertruck","tesla truck","cybertruck"]
date: "2021-06-10T15:59:59+03:00"
vid_date: "2021-06-09T19:15:02Z"
duration: "PT8M59S"
viewcount: "17286"
likeCount: "822"
dislikeCount: "29"
channel: "Wealth UP"
---
{% raw %}NEW PATENT!! Tesla UPGRADED the 4680 Battery! (HUGE)<br />A recently published patent for Tesla’s structural battery pack reveals that the EV maker did not only look at cost reduction and range improvements when it was developing its nextgeneration batteries. Tesla also looked at how the structural battery packs could help maintain–if not improve–its vehicles’ safety. This was hinted at in the patent’s detailed description, which reveals that the bottom layer of the structural battery would be created from a strong, stiff material that is also capable of deforming in the event of a crash.<br /><br /><br />Subscribe to @Wealth UP <br /><br />For Business Inquiries please contact wealthup.contact@gmail.com<br /><br /><br />»»»»»»»»»»»»»»»»»»»»»»»»»»»»»»»»»»»»»»»»»»»»»»»»»»»»»»»»»»»»»»<br />▲ RELATED VIDEOS ▼  <br /><br />Tesla Cybertruck 2021: 13 Reasons you MUST buy it NOW<br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://youtu.be/mu7DqIZIKmM​​">https://youtu.be/mu7DqIZIKmM​​</a><br /><br />Tesla Cybertruck 2021 | Why You SHOULD buy it for sure!<br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://youtu.be/Uw6BjkhL_b4​​">https://youtu.be/Uw6BjkhL_b4​​</a><br /><br />Tesla Cybertruck Exclusive Footage<br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://youtu.be/80JLNST8lMg">https://youtu.be/80JLNST8lMg</a><br /><br />»»»»»»»»»»»»»»»»»»»»»»»»»»»»»»»»»»»»»»»»»»»»»»»»»»»»»»»»»»»»»»<br />#news #tsla #tesla<br /><br />Descripion about the video<br />The Tesla Cybertruck or Tesla Truck is in need for a Redesign to legalize it in the USA. The Cybertruck should start production in 2021 or 2022. This Tesla News (TSLA) is part of a tesla update. Elon Musk the founder of Tesla and also SpaceX is working on the shatterproof window and maybe a air suspension and solar roof. the cyber truck rivals are the Hummer Ev, Rivian R1t and also the ford-f150. these are all electric vehicles. everyone remembers the cybertruck window break. Other Tesla Cars that are popular are the Tesla Model X, Model Y, Model S and the new Tesla Model 2. Also, the upcoming Tesla Semi and exclusive Tesla Roadster will be added<br /><br />Description about Tesla<br />Tesla, Inc. is an American manufacturer of electric cars and trucks, solar roofs and energy storage systems for homes, industry and electricity grids. The company also operates a worldwide network of points of sale to market its vehicles and its own network of charging points.<br /><br />»»»»»»»»»»»»»»»»»»»»»»»»»»»»»»»»»»»»»»»»»»»»»»»»»»»»»»»»»»»»»»<br /><br /><br />RIGHT NOTICE: The Copyright Laws of the United States recognizes a “fair use” of copyrighted content.  Section 107 of the U.S. Copyright Act states:“Notwithstanding the provisions of sections 106 and 106A, the fair use of a copyrighted work, including such use by reproduction in copies or phono records or by any other means specified by that section, for purposes such as criticism, comment, news reporting, teaching (including multiple copies for classroom use), scholarship, or research, is not an infringement of copyright.” This video and our youtube channel in general may contain certain copyrighted works that were not specifically authorized to be used by the copyright holder(s), but which we believe in good faith are protected by federal law and the fair use doctrine for one or more of the reasons noted above.{% endraw %}
